Computer Nerdery
================
:date: 2016-04-15

Yep, finally starting a newsletter, after years of "I'm gonna start a
newsletter!" Please throw ideas for content, as well as any good links you come
across, as I imagine this will kind of be the 'in-between' stuff between proper
blog posts (whatever that means) :-) Will keep to ~5 links/tips an email so
it's something you can flip through while eating a bowl of cereal. I don't know
how often I'll do this (or is even desirable).

Neat service of the day
-----------------------

`curl wttr.in/calgary`

There are no hard subjects, only missing prerequisites
------------------------------------------------------

Truth. Hot patching kernels is way less scary once you've got the underlying
knowledge of what's entailed.

https://www.scotthyoung.com/blog/2016/04/12/no-hard-subjects/

Abusing the /dev filesystem with bash
-------------------------------------

Because who doesn't love bash tricks?

http://tldp.org/LDP/abs/html/devref1.html

Kestrel Project, an open-source open-hardware personal computer
---------------------------------------------------------------

While it's a bit tilting-at-windmills, I really want projects like this to succeed

http://kestrelcomputer.github.io/kestrel/

Man accidentally deletes his company with rm -rf
------------------------------------------------

IMO you can't blame `rm` on this one - a system design that can't
tolerate/recover from that mistake is too brittle to begin with.

UPDATED: Apparently this was a hoax. Above still stands.

"Punch-Out" Easter egg discovered 29 years later
------------------------------------------------

I wonder if anyone's RE'd the binary to look for the rest of these...

http://thenextweb.com/shareables/2016/04/11/punch-out-has-an-easter-egg-that-went-undiscovered-for-29-years/

If you liked this, feel free to tell other people to sign up.
