Computer Nerdery
================
:date: 2016-04-17

It's a bit late in the contest, but you can still spend some time enjoying the
world's largest trivia contest at http://90fmtrivia.org - great music, and
the hosts get loopy from sleep deprivation on the last day.

A Really Interesting Tape Drive Algorithm
-----------------------------------------

Once you get past the click-bait title, this one's a really good read. Give the
Vitter paper it references a read too, if you've got the time.

https://getkerf.wordpress.com/2016/03/30/the-best-algorithm-no-one-knows-about/

Is the security of quantum computing guaranteed by the laws of physics?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DJB kills it again. Worth it for the abstract alone.

https://sidechannels.cr.yp.to/qkd/holographic-20160326.pdf

AlphaGo: How It Works
---------------------

A really good overview of the techniques used to drive AlphaGo, the computer
that beat Lee Sedol recently

https://www.tastehit.com/blog/google-deepmind-alphago-how-it-works/

A Decade of Wasted Cores
------------------------

Some researchers found 4 different bugs in the Linux scheduler that left cores
unutilized while there were threads waiting. Their paper gives a good
background to how Linux has handled scheduling over the years

http://www.ece.ubc.ca/~sasha/papers/eurosys16-final29.pdf

Shattering Reality
------------------

I really hadn't thought too much of how glass breakage is simulated in video
games, but it turns out to be a computationally hard problem. It's got me
wanting to re-play some of my games that I know have glass breaking (like GTA
Vice City and Red Faction) and see how well they handle breakage.

http://cowboyprogramming.com/2007/01/05/shattering-reality/
